[music]
Hong Kong is waking up
to some tragic news this morning. Live
look at the Hong Kong apartment complex
destroyed in one of the deadliest fires
in the city's history. Emergency crews
are still working to put the last of
flames out after the fire broke out
Wednesday afternoon. The latest tally,
44 people have been killed with many
more still listed as missing.
>> Yeah, that's right. It's uh certainly an
an an issue where authorities are trying
to get to the bottom of exactly what
sparked this blaze and and also as you
said those arrests have already been
made and investigations criminal
investigations are going to be
proceeding. But you are watching the
China show this morning. I'm Annabelle
Drollers with David Ingles and as we
said this is the the news of the morning
really and a complex that was built in
the 1980s. It has about 2,000 different
flats as well. it had been undergoing a
very lengthy renovation. So, it's it's
a huge loss of life essentially and then
and hundreds of people still unaccounted
for.
>> Yeah, the latest toll coming through 250
plus um I think that's going to go up as
well given the latest numbers that have
come through since we woke up uh this
morning. It's worth keeping in mind, of
course, the extent to which the fire has
already lasted and as we were just
pointing out, firefighters are still uh
trying to put out the last of the
flames. first report around midafter
afternoon yesterday. Here we are talking
about it. Minman Low, our China
correspondent is at the scene and Jose
right now with the latest. Minman, what
can you tell us?
>> Yeah, I mean it's really a devastating
night. This fire has been raging on for
over 17 hours now. And if you look
behind me, we can see through some of
the apartments, they are still blazing
with fire. And there are powerful water
jets that are still being deployed. It's
really a horrifying horrifying night for
many of the residents that are just so
anguished by this and just figuring out
where they're going to stay next. You
know, some of them are saying that they
don't have insurance for their homes and
they were just shocked at how fast and
how quickly the fire spread. This was a
point of contention because the
authorities did acknowledge that the
fire spread the the spread the speed of
that spread was very unusual. The
scaffolding had caught fire. This entire
you uh housing compound is over 40 years
old. They are all subsidized uh housing
units and it was undergoing heavy
renovations. So there were all these
bamboo scaffoldings that were
surrounding them very characteristic of
Hong Kong. You add to that again very
typical of Hong Kong. These units are
very very close together, very densely
packed. So the fire was spreading
quickly and the government is now
handling a criminal investigation
because they suspect they have already
found substandard building materials
used. They found polystyrene materials
covering the windows and they said that
the the green netting, the plastic
sheetings, if they meet compliance
standards, they're supposed to be fire
resistant. and they suspect that the
wrong materials that did not meet
requirements were used. So they've
arrested three people and that
investigation is ongoing and residents
are certainly going to be demanding
answers about why those substandard
materials were being used here.
>> Yeah, exactly. I think the secretary for
security Chris Tong has has spoken about
these materials in question and already
said that the situation is unusual in
terms of just the intensity of the the
fire and how fast it spread as well. But
just give us a sense of what's happening
on the ground today and and what sort of
actions are expected to take place given
that there are just so many people that
are still unaccounted for.
>> Yeah. I mean right now this road the the
the entire area all the roads coming in
are blocked and the entire road is now
filled with fire trucks, police trucks.
Uh it's very busy at the moment. The
firefighting is ongoing. There are
hundreds of people still unaccounted
for, but really if you look behind me,
the buildings are completely black. They
look burnt out. It looks like the shell
of the buildings left. Um, and of
course, the authorities are also
focusing very much on what to do for the
residents that are displaced, right? So,
they have uh opened up community centers
nearby. They're going to keep them open
overnight so people could stay over as
well. They have identified about 1,400
empty apartment units across the city uh
that people could stay in temporarily.
Uh and President Citing Ping has also
called for an allout rescue effort. We
heard from Hong Kong Chief Executive
John Lee. He also paid tribute uh
especially to that firefighter just 37
years old I believe and he's been
working as a firefighter for nine years
and he perished uh as part during part
of the rescue efforts as well.
Yeah. So, just so our viewers are just
up to breast on uh the the latest
numbers that we understand on the
missing, an earlier estimate put that at
279.
A few hours back uh officials said an
additional 72 people are reported
missing. Mman on that note and I'm
wondering if there's anything you can
glean from where you are in terms of the
latest and where we go from here as far
as the rescue efforts to your point are
concerned at this point.
Yeah, the the police, I mean, we see
them here. We were trying to speak to
them, but they said they have no
information to offer. I was just asking
if they know if there are still people
trapped inside, but they didn't have any
information, but from the official press
briefing, we knew the latest death toll
is 44. Earlier on, they said there were
about 270 over people that were
unaccounted for. Later on, they said
there were additional 72 or so people.
So, it seems like it's in the hundreds,
the number of people that are
unaccounted for. And uh we know that
rescue efforts are still ongoing. One of
the things that has been also an issue
is that some of the residents are saying
they are feeling they they feel let down
by the authorities and by the fire
department. Why did it take so many
hours to put out the fire? That's one of
the things that they mentioned and the
fire department did say that among the
challenges was because of all the
scaffoldings. There were all these
debris that were falling down in front
of the buildings making it very
dangerous for the frontline
firefighters. And also the temperature
was so hot it made it very challenging
for for them to enter the building. And
even now we can see when the fire when
the water jets are being deployed it
doesn't seem to be reaching the very
tops of the buildings and that is where
you're seeing the building being the
most blackened. Um so it seems like
there are some constraints as to what
the firefighters can do and authorities
say they might have to take until the
end of the day to fully put out the
fire.
>> Yeah. Yeah, and to note as well, Min, on
that point around just the building
materials, aside from what was supposed
to be some fire retardant cloth and and
plastic sheeting, I mean, there was a
lot of bamboo scaffolding and and Hong
Kong is really one of the few places
where bamboo is still widely used in
construction. But that was our China
correspondent Mim Lo there on the ground
for us in Hong Kong as we continue to
bring you live updates from one of the
biggest fire tragedies that we've seen
in the city in decades. But uh to some
other news now because we are also
monitoring the Pentagon this morning.
It's accusing major Chinese tech
companies of aiding the country's
militaries uh military rather. They're
recommending that Alibaba, BU and BYD
plus others should be added to an
official list. Let's bring in now our
tech reporter LE Ding who's with us this
morning. So
just give us a sense of of the timing of
this and of course it's it's a list or a
letter that was sent just weeks ahead of
of President's Trump and she meeting on
the sidelines of of APE. Why we getting
this sort of reporting now and and why
these specific companies do you think?
>> Yes. So our our colleagues have learned
that uh these companies are recommended
to be on the list. uh and then there are
still a lot of procedures to go as you
mentioned uh it's before the uh meeting
between uh President Trump and C so the
momentum may have uh may has have
changed and then um it's unclear how how
long how long time it will be needed to
reach a conclusion because it it reached
the uh committee on the Congress and
Senate and there's still a lot of
process to go to go through. How does
being closer on the watch list or the
actual list change the way these
companies operate? What's the impact
point to be on these companies
effective?
>> Yes. So uh there's no legal
repercussions uh of being on the list
but it it serves as a warning uh to uh
companies uh especially in the US. is
sort of more more like a shaming list
rather than uh what is more important is
going to be on the commerce department's
uh entity list which uh carries to uh
real impact on expert controls and all
that.
>> What's been the response from companies
to this? It's obviously not a a list
that that Chinese companies want to be
even possibly finding themselves on.
>> Yeah. So uh this morning we actually
received a response from Alibaba, one of
the biggest companies that are
mentioned. Uh they uh as they said
before repeatedly denying that they have
uh association with the Chinese military
or they are not uh they're also not uh
as part of the military civil strategy
of the Chinese government. Uh and then
they also noted that uh they currently
do not have any uh uh contract for any
uh does not uh is not in the uh US
military procurement plan. So even if
they're on the they're on the list, it
will not impact their business in the US
or anywhere else.
>> Ling with the latest there, our tech
reporter, a very quick glance at where
we are marketwise here. So we're looking
at the Asia benchmark uh you the Cosby
index where we did just have of course
that rate decision coming through out of
the Bank of Korea. We'll get more
details from the actual statement in a
couple of minutes and around this time
in the next hour. Uh we will bring you
of course the briefing coming through uh
out of the Bank of Korea. Suffice to say
when you look at markets, we're up for a
fourth day across equity markets. Flip
the page please. Have a look at the one
uh sterling of course on the back of the
massive headlines coming through there
at 13253. We should be highest on cable
in about I'd say about a month or so. Uh
Bitcoin other thing we're tracking back
above 90,000. And of course we'll talk
more about the stimulus effect in Japan
uh coming through with a 70 plus billion
US dollar number as far as new financing
and new JGB supply is concerned. That's
the plan at least. Uh A50 futures going
into the open today. Big move up in oil
prices. Shanghai crude is also coming
up. And as far as dollar China goes at
706. Yes. Strongest level in some time.
Technicals. This one looks oversold to
the downside. More on this of course
later on. But yeah, let's get back to
the top story here too though. Yeah.
>> Yeah. We'll just leave you with a live
shot here and going back to these
pictures that we have this morning in
the city of Hong Kong because this has
been one of the deadliest fires we've
seen in the city in decades. 44 dead.
There are hundreds still unaccounted
for. A housing estate in the northern
part of the city that's in the Taipo
district was engulfed in flames
overnight. It's taking firefighters
hours to put them out. You can still see
at the top of the building there that
they are ongoing. and and our China
correspondent I enlow was just making
the point that even the water at this
point is struggling to reach the topper
levels of these complexes but we'll
bring you updates as we get them this
morning more ahead this is Bloomberg
You're watching the China show this
morning and we are giving you an update
really on the expectations we have going
into the the cash trading session this
morning. There's a couple of different
things we're going to be watching. I
think firstly you've got those companies
that have been or this agitation really
to to add them to a list in the US a
Pentagon list that outlines Chinese
companies that have military links. So
those overnight there's been reporting
that there was a letter sent but Alibaba
BU BYYD named in that on the eco front
as well you got those October industrial
profits to watch.
>> Yeah about the open coming out today.
And speaking of the open well before I
get to the open later in the afternoon
there's a briefing out of the NDRC. Just
keep an eye on that. Uh obviously going
into today it's going to be all things
property. So obviously one company has
been focused Vancou
just the recent slide as well uh in many
of the bonds going into this morning and
then of course the we'll talk more about
this specific bond which has yet to
obviously show declines. This is the one
in question today. We'll get you more
details uh and this probably won't look
the same graph uh if and when things get
started. It's worth pointing out as well
in the offshore space. So, not the yuan,
but the dollar bonds. We are also
largely expecting to see this permeate
into this. This is our high yield bond
index. We're up 11 straight months going
into this month. We've seen a decline of
about 1.3%.
I think about 90 of the 100 bonds in the
benchmark are trading above 90 cents.
Uh, which goes to show that might
actually change uh going into uh going
into the the news flow today. All that
is to say, let's bring in our team to
talk us through the latest here. Trista
Shini Law out of Bloomberg News and of
course out of Bloomberg Intelligence,
our China real estate analyst Christy
Hong is also here with some analysis. Uh
Trista, uh let me start with you. This
bond that is coming due in about two two
or weeks. What what do we know about
what's going on there?
>> So late last night, the company sent a
filing on mainland saying that they're
seeking an extension to uh repay this
bond. So it actually shocked the market.
A lot of uh investor turn very surprised
on this because banker has been long
time seeing a very you know one of the
strongest developer in mainland who has
not been defaulted yet you know earlier
in the property crisis we see Everrand
defaulted and country garden but banker
I think investor for some period of time
they've been comfortable on this name so
we have seen there's uh bond price have
been stable but for this um you know
filing came late last night it's
actually um shot the market and you know
raised some concern from the investor
about how you know whether the support
from government will still be there or
whether at the end of the day Veno will
still be defaulted.
>> So what are the the next things to watch
then? What are the sorts of deadlines or
timelines that you have in mind?
>> So Venco will organize arrange a meeting
uh with investor on December 10 to
discuss um you know to try to gain their
support about the bond extension. So if
they cannot get the support which I
personally think maybe a bit unlikely
but uh it will be a default. So and then
also by the end of you know next June
there will be over you know 30 billion
UN notes uh come into mature. So that's
a big number we need to pay close
attention to. Mhm.
>> Christie, we've we've seen this before,
not with bank obviously, but in in what
does what tends to happen when we get
sort of debt events like this as far as
the uh the underlying business the
property business is concerned and how
does that inform you about what happens
next with with with the company?
>> Yes. So if history is a guide um with
all all other developers will have seen
things tend to go downhill from here.
>> Um because of weakening buyer confidence
people tend to stay away from the
projects and contractor sales would face
a steeper decline and lenders would have
a tendency to make it harder to
refinance loans and SSLs would be also
harder because buyers would then be
seeking a fire price. Then all these
come together it would mean that Veni
could face escalating liquidity crunch
and yeah we I think from from our
experience um things are things things
might not look good from here from a
liquidity point of view.
>> Yeah. So if there's any or if there's an
absence of state backing then it sort of
tells you that they're treating Vanker
in the same way that they're treating
other developers as well. What does that
mean for for the liquidity situation for
the company? Yeah, I think from a policy
standpoint it really tells us that you
know you know it raises the question of
the commitment of the government whether
it's determined to end the housing slum.
I think it would weaken broader home
buyer confidence for the broader market
and I think it it's going to weaken 2026
um home sales outlook from here and I
think from a liquidity standpoint um
it brings a lot of question on you know
whether it would be sustainable and I
think from what we have seen for other
developers turn around from this point
um in a liquidity point of view is very
very hard to achieve. Yeah, it's almost
like an event horizon once you cross it.
It's very difficult to pull back. So
Trista, what does this mean for the
broader industry? Is this well suffice
to say it's not just a story of the
company, but does this have broader
ramifications across the sector?
>> Yeah, of course it will definitely, you
know, um hard the overall confidence
from especially from the consumer size,
right? And when they see such a big name
like Vanka, if they going to go to
default, it would definitely a bad news.
And as um Christie mentioned earlier,
the sales number is not good. So it's
really hard for people to right now to
see a hope about when is the end of the
property crisis.
>> Mhm.
What's your your reaction then in terms
of of where we go from here?
>> Right. Um I think from a policy
standpoint, there's very little that
government can do can to stimulate the
housing market. Down payment ratios and
also mortgage rates are near record low.
And I think from here what we're facing
for the housing market is acute over
supply problem. And that's especially
for low tier cities. We're talking about
new home supply is around 80 months of
sales and it's going to take a long time
to digest. And that with the over supply
this is going to exert a lot of pressure
on home prices. And I think for the
Chinese public the biggest hurdle is
confidence. People are not confident
enough to buy a home. They're not
optimistic about the outlook for home
prices and they're not confident about
the job security and outlook of the
economy and that's why we continue to
see a persistent decline in home sales
for China and that's why for developers
it's going to be very hard to sustain
the sales and liquidity.
>> All right, in the pre-market on your
screens 5 and a half% on Vanca so far
not all but you do have a few of also
falling. Sunn China is also down
>> uh in your pre-markets. We're down about
five and a half as you're pointing out
on on on the equity on the eight shares
to be more specific on that. Chrissy,
final question for you. The
c can can the government afford not to
bail out and intervene? I mean, is this
going to be um in perhaps a different
form another ever grand story that will,
you know, have a longer lasting effect
to your point on on buyer confidence?
>> Right. We think that the government
would continue its playbook of aiding
projects not developers. It hasn't saved
a single developer
>> um before and thank Funko might not be
an exception and I think from an
incremental damage point of view I think
we are 4 and a half year into property
crisis in China.
>> I think when Ever Grand or Country
Gardens non-payment hit it was a bigger
shock to the market but now I think a
lot of damage is already done. So I
think incrementally speaking is not as
shocking as what we had in the past
years.
>> Team, thank you so much. Uh that was
Christy Hung and here with us as well is
Trist Trista Shinhi L just taking us
through the latest. It's a story we'll
be tracking going into the open and
throughout the open here today. Um also
other things on your screens uh some of
the big tech plays. We talked about the
Pentagon and that list. Uh, Wooi app
techch, Robosense tech also coming up
also very shortly uh on your screens in
about 7 minutes and by the time I get to
it and you see it 30 seconds away.
Hangen index A50 [music] futures dollar
China with a fix coming out of the day
and yeah there we go. Weaker than
[music] estimates it is still the
strongest rem about let's call it 12 13
months [music] or so. Oversold to the
downside uh on dollar China. Plenty more
ahead. This is the [music] China show.
Right. A glance at futures right now.
[music] So equity markets are up for a
fourth day. US futures are you know I
was going to say continue to give some
upside a little bit of that as well. We
have seen some momentum really come back
across risk assets this week. case in
point is uh you know you have Bitcoin
back above 90,000 more on that in a
moment separately we'll get to this
later on as well and we talked about it
already the the property story the high
yield space whether that's onshore in
remmbb or offshore in dollar bonds very
much in focus today following the the
disclosure from Vanco overnight over the
that upcoming bond
>> yeah that's right looking essentially to
push back the the timeline or this
seeking the first yuan extension uh ever
for for that company. So, what does that
really tell you about the state of
China's property market and and the
willingness as well of Beijing to to aid
its developers? Because Vanka was once
seen as a relatively stable bet, but as
we were just speaking with Bloomberg
Intelligence, they're saying that
they're unlikely to to come to the
assistance of the company. They're more
focused on projects rather than the
firms themselves. But you are already
seeing a read across reaction to to
others in the property space this
morning. But let's shift on and take a
look at some of those tech stocks as
well because we've just had a Pentagon
report or reporting on the Pentagon
essentially concluding that a range of
different Chinese companies should be
added to a list that aid the Chinese
military. Uh this is the so-called 126H
list that's published once a year and
again it just outlines companies that
the US says have ties to the Chinese
military and that operate or have
operations in the US market as well. So
these are some of the names in focus.
You can see others wishy a tech robo
sense as well. Robocense also a partner
of Nvidia in its autonomous driving
project. Uh also still on the earnings
front because we had Alibaba health
figures [music] coming out their first
half revenue bidding estimates and Leo
fourth quarter revenue [music] missing
the forecast rather missing estimates.
So that stock likely to see some
pressure in the session.
>> [music]
[music]
>> You're watching the China show. We're
waking up, of course, to the tragedy and
the ongoing efforts to put out the
remaining of the flames. And based on a
commentary, if in case you missed it, of
course, the the that massive fire,
biggest in decades, uh 40 plus dead, uh
based on the current numbers, 250 plus,
270 plus missing, uh and the commentary
that's come through so far is that what
started midafternoon yesterday, initial
reports at least of the fire itself and
the efforts to put the remaining of the
flames uh uh to bed uh will likely
extend beyond the 24-hour window well
into the evening. Not to even get into
and not to even mention the rescue
efforts there. Uh we'll get you the
latest on the ground. Our correspondent
Minlow is there for us of course here uh
in Hong Kong this morning. Just going
into the uh just to pivot here and have
a look at other things. We are also
tracking uh today as it pertains to u
other things. You had a well couple of
things to mention too. Uh we do have
this breaking news line that has come
through right now. Two things. One is an
industrial profits. That's not very
important today. We'll set that aside.
Uh uh let's make that call. Uh Vancou
dollar notes sliding record lows. That's
now crossing the Bloomberg terminal uh
on the back of the disclosure overnight
of that bond extension which was a bond
that was coming due I believe in about
two or weeks or so has now been pushed
back uh according to the company. And I
would imagine that's causing ripple
effects across equities, fixed income,
whether that's onshore and offshore. The
bonds in question are of course uh in
the onore space.
>> Yeah, lots of questions around the the
effectiveness of government rescue
policies and we have seen multiple
different city governments trying to
take steps to revive the property
market. But if anything like this vanka
really sends a chill across really the
appetite of people to go out and
purchase properties as well. So
certainly is going to be having broader
ramifications. But you do just see here
stocks are fairly flat really as we come
online. This is mainland of course uh
for the session today. But let's also
take a look at what's happening in Hong
Kong today because there are a couple of
different movers that we're watching in
particular. Alibaba you're seeing a bit
under pressure. BU both of these
companies have just been named on a
Pentagon uh letter essentially to
lawmakers but stating that these
companies have ties to the Chinese
military. So we have got a range of
companies. says eight in total across
mostly the tech industry, but but uh
certainly these calls to be added to
this special 1260H list that again sites
uh companies that the the US government
says have ties to China's military. But
anyway, we'll leave that there. And as
we said, that big focus is coming back
to to Tvanka this morning because we
have seen dollar notes falling to the
record low on that bond extension
proposal. But you're also seeing that
stock slide this morning.
>> Uh we were down Okay, there we go. Now
it's down 8%. These are the eight shares
we're looking at. that's can we get the
A shares as well guys if we can show
that too uh on the company shares it's
not just that we talked about the dollar
bond story u the bond specific one in
question okay just to uh lean uh on on
the side of specificity here uh is the
December bond it's coming up on your
screens it shouldn't show any change
last trade we're not sure if it's today
of course this doesn't trade as liquid
as uh one would expect that is just to
say this one in question uh is the one
that uh the builder is proposing to
delay delay the repayment of uh and it
last traded at 99. I would imagine given
the news flow that's no longer going to
be the case once we do get of course uh
a trade uh on this specific issue uh out
of the company there. Uh
>> yeah, it's a it's a two billion yuan
note that's due December 15. And what
we've also heard is that they're looking
to arrange a meeting with bond holders
on December 10 to discuss their
proposal.
still uh in the policy space as well
because this is going to be something
that we're going to be watching coming
into December is the upcoming central
economic work conference. It's it's
shaping up really as a potential
catalyst for the stock market because
after a selloff that that echoes the
sharp tariff driven retreat in April,
we're going to be watching is there
going to be consolidation or a breakout
from here. So let's get more of that
Asia equities reporter Charlotte Yang
joining us. So I mean I think I've sort
of answered the first part of this
question but but just outline the
significance of of the CCW.
>> Yes. So the conference is a big thing to
watch for the China equity traders given
this is the only you know policy window
they have before the two sessions next
year which is the top legislative
meeting. So um the central economic work
conference which is held every year in
the final weeks they will bring state
and own enterprises, state institutions
and provincial leaders. Basically they
will laid out the key task for the
nation um in the year ahead and um for
equity traders you know what they say if
the analysts are saying that if we see
expansionary policy to support domestic
um demand that will be a positive
catalyst um for the market and also
right now with Chinese market we can see
that investor positioning are quite
defensive but um analysts are expecting
that in the weeks uh in the coming weeks
u we could see be seeing more
positioning around you know the tech
sector some of the consumption sector
you know walking into the event but with
that said is to I think one thing to be
mindful is that there's no magic just
with this policy window given that you
know for the past years for the past two
years actually market fell off to the
meeting because there wasn't simply that
much excite excitement for traders but
during the co years it was a positive
thing so that's definitely one thing to
watch
>> okay Charlotte thank you so much
Charlotte Yang there out of our equities
team here just to also note just two
things right industrial profit just came
out and also the bank of Korea which
held interest rates. Um we're getting
details of the statement now just just
coming out as well. Uh and we are
looking at them being open to the
possibility of a rate cut. It's also
very important to highlight that this is
a line that they have said that some
members have been open to rate cuts over
a 3-month window following the meeting
and we have yet to actually see that
reduction. I think they've been hold for
several months now. I think the last
meeting was August and then the most
recent one was I think October and then
we have today and we have two more early
this year. We'll get more uh into the
story later on. Uh just to joining us
here to talk about markets. We're almost
done with the year a look ahead to next
year. We just talked with Charlotte
there about the lack of catalyst in this
market. Uh where are we? A pulse check.
Ben Luck is here with us on set. Senior
multiasset strategist at State Street uh
markets. Ben, very nice to see you sir.
>> Always a pleasure for me to come as
well.
>> The been a good year. Yeah, it's been a
great year.
>> Uh, in fact, when you look at the price
action recently and people taking
profits might be have been too good. How
are we set up going into at least the
final few weeks and going into next
year?
>> Yeah, I think when we look into first of
all in the equity space, uh, it's been
the same momentum trade throughout this
year, everybody has been buying US
predominantly it's been US tech. Um,
when we look into our own positioning
data, it is a stretch position that we
see in in the US. that shouldn't be a
surprise and and and especially in the
tech space where uh concerns over
valuation, concerns over positioning. I
think those are all valid agreements.
But um what is important going into next
year is whether or not we're going to
have this earning story that's going to
be sustainable, especially given uh when
you actually look at some of the exports
numbers, some of the chips numbers,
they're still very very well. So I think
as we go into next year, the overall
earning story remains to be rather
resilient. The question is whether or
not we're going to get from more of a
techled market to more of a broader
recovery market. And that's really
something we haven't seen and we still
don't believe that's going to be the
case going into next year. We actually
see that US is still going to be focused
on this this tech story, the tech trade.
Whereas we actually see actually better
opportunities outside of the US next
year that is actually an undervalue
opportunity, under own opportunity. So
that's where we actually see more
opportunities as opposed to really just
focusing on the US.
>> Just on the US, I'll be interested in
your views on on two of the big themes
we've seen lately, which is
>> really US companies testing the
valuations of other companies. And then
I'm talking here about this shift to say
TPUs instead of the Nvidia GPUs for
instance or or you're seeing the success
of Alphabet's Gemini model and then that
also tests SoftBank's investment in open
AI. Do you see valuation shifting at all
just given that maybe the leaderboards
and and different company profiles could
also change in 2026?
>> I think so. I think to your point I
think valuation is
to be honest it's a very very rich
valuation already across many of these
uh techreated stocks already. Uh but
it's always important to understand that
any type of a meltdown in markets is not
really just valuation. uh often times
you have to see a breakdown either from
a growth story or basically missteps
from the Fed or basically we have sudden
shocks in inflation either triggered by
geopolitical tensions or or cool off of
domestic markets and all of that
obviously then led to margins getting
compressed and then profits obviously
collapsing that's usually how US markets
or or basically any equity market seems
to seems to fail so for us it's very
much focused on this notion of return on
equity still relative relatively high
and and when you actually look at US
versus XUS, there aren't that many
alternatives out there for investors to
still lock in double-digit earnings
growth every year and actually still
manage to outperform even if those
expectations are still quite high.
>> Well, okay. So, uh temp tempt me then
with you you mentioned opportunities
outside. Yes, you're not getting double
digit growth, but also outside you're
trading at half the valuation, correct?
>> Right. So, so tempt me with that
valuation trap. no opportunity.
[laughter]
>> So one opportunity to consider which to
now it seems more like a trap would be
something like Japan. I think Japanese
equities has been what we would consider
as a market that institutional investors
have been really on the sidelines for
for many many years already. Although
obviously equity market price actions
have been quite high but most of those
flows have really driven by domestic
investors whereas foreign investors have
been a lot more cautious when it comes
to investing in Japan because all they
care about in the very near term has
always been yen movements and yen
movements unfortunately is always going
to be triggered by not just BOJ policies
but also obviously how the Fed would
move and react to those rate
differentials. So, I think Japan is a
structural story that could actually
improve where we don't really just need
to rely on yen weakness to drive profit
margins higher. We're going to see it
now already where the fiscal budgets or
the fiscal package that was recently
released by Prime Minister Takahishi
where you're going to focus on tax cuts,
you're going to focus on private
investments being the driver. I think a
lot of that wouldn't be something that
you would see in the next two three
months, but it's more of a longer term
multiple reating story to your earlier
point where when you compare S&P 500
where
>> uh PE earnings are like 20 25 times
whereas if you look at Japan, we're
mostly closer towards like 15 times. So
there's a lot more room for it to catch
up where investors are still highly on
the sideline for now and investors when
you actually look at the valuation
story, it's still quite attractive. I
want to ask you about flows because as
always we have this conversation you
guys have a very unique perspective in
terms of the flows and it's to your
point
>> has it really been that dominant that
the absence of flows and you know with
this Mizuo transaction you probably guys
have more have have more insight into
this so help us understand the momentum
of flows why we don't you don't think
we've seen that and how do I think about
this weak yen an expensive hedging cost
to get into this market
>> yeah I think when we look into our flows
I think investors basically for the last
couple of years has been very simple.
The strategy that worked was longing US
equities and because it worked so well,
you're going to stay in that strategy
until the strategy fails. And there were
blips of it as you've mentioned, right?
We had overvaluations, worry on AI, we
had the liberation day, but then all of
that really lasted for a month or two
and then institutional investors went
back into buying the same story. So I
think when we look at it from that
perspective, it's really because the
momentum is really justifiable in a way
that the corporate fundamentals remains
to be far more resilient in the US
relative to the rest of the world. In
Japan's case, we're still not there yet
in terms of looking for corporate
fundamentals being sustainable. But from
a very beginning standpoint, what we've
actually seen is that throughout the
summer where the yen levels have
actually been relatively flat during
that stage, we're starting to see
institutional investors coming back into
that market. At the start of the year,
we were actually seeing a similar
pattern but in Chinese equities. So at
the start of the year where we basically
saw I mean actually early into last year
where we started to see more stimulus
rollout plans or basically tradein
schemes more supportive policies
investors started to realize well maybe
I can actually put a little bit more
flows not just in the US but actually
consider into EM into Asia or into China
where they have still this structural
underweight story but we're starting to
see them close a little bit more of that
gap as we actually see from the data.
what's happening in Europe then and then
and I know you've got it now as an
underweight rating but but what's
driving that because there has been
quite a lot of appetite particularly on
the defense tech story.
>> Yeah, so at at the very beginning of the
year we basically saw one of the biggest
rotation where investors went very
aggressive into closing the underweight
story in European equities. It really
lasted for I think three months at the
very beginning where we went from an
underweight and into a slightly
overweight story and that's what we see
and there and and there was an optimism
story where we assume that um because of
the geopolitical tensions between Europe
and the US Europeans spend more and as
you actually see more fiscal policies to
come through that could actually drive
the overall growth story higher. But
what we have actually seen post
liberation day from all of the flows
that we see is that a lot of the initial
flows have actually going back into
buying into European banks. European
financials have been the major
recipients of that. But once we started
to see more concerns over back debt or
basically uh credit growth stories
slowing down once again, we started to
see investors pulling that story out
again. And we basically moved from an
underweight story at the beginning of
the year, right, to an overweight story
in midyear. And then now we're back to
an underweight story. So it was much
more of a choppy market that we'll we
see from Europe whereas it was more of a
firmer story. Let me put it this way
when we look into the China story or
even the Japan story where the flows
were a lot more persistent.
>> Uh I think so far we've covered
equities. Uh outside of equities, what
what piques your interest? What's the
what am I sleeping on for next year?
>> Yeah, so one area that we are still
quite optimistic on is uh receiving EM
rates. So we still like the the the EM
story. Uh I think that the price action
this year in EM equities was very very
positive. Uh but whether or not it's
sustainable once again relies on the
earnings story and the earning story so
far is a lot more driven just by the
chip story. So it's chips earnings
that's been really driving the entire
broad market but uh that needs to be
sustainable. So I think it's a better
opportunity in actually going into EM
bonds is one way especially local
currency sovereign bonds is what we like
the most actually going into next year
is because when we think about EM in the
current cycle versus in previous cycles
they are a lot more I would say uh
fiscally uh uh justified in a way where
you see EM central banks being a lot
more credible. They're not cutting rates
aggressively just because the Fed
started to cut rates. They're keeping
their timeline. uh they're matching how
their rate cuts are being justified
based on their domestic inflation story.
So the fact that you're now seeing
reserves getting higher, you're seeing
credit ratings getting upgraded as well
across many of these even frontier em
bond markets. So we we we see that
spread compression to still be a be a be
a key theme going into next year because
of the fact that EM is looking more like
DM now as opposed to when you look at DM
where you have the drone. I mean it
wasn't bad news, right? you saw the UK
budget that that lift up better than
expected, but then you also had the
Japanese story where the fiscal policy
could again uh shoot JGP's uh JGB's
yields much higher again. So right now
you're actually seeing EM being a lot
more conservative and investors are
rewarding that cautiousness whereas DM
is really on the other side of the
spectrum.
>> Ben, thanks for joining us this morning.
That was Ben Luck there, senior senior
multiasset strategist at straight state
street markets and and just speaking
about emerging markets because I think
one of the best performers this year has
definitely been Korea and very very
strong growth there particularly on the
export side but we're just getting some
lines that are dropping from the BOK
because they're saying that export
growth is likely to improve uh on the
strong chips outlook. We've been
speaking extensively about this crunch
in memory chip prices we're anticipating
for 2026. They're also saying that they
remain cautious about risks that are
related to home prices and FX as well.
Of course, the housing sector and and
the housing market rally we've seen is
is one of the key concerns for the
central bank that did uh elect to leave
its benchmark rate unchanged this
morning at 2.5% but that was for a
fourth straight meeting.
>> You know what to Ben's point just now
might just be me. I think the BOK is
done just looking at the phrasing. We'll
get we'll get the thoughts.
>> Interesting. Yeah. Some are anticipating
further easing into next year.
>> Yeah. U I think city was on Johanna
Chuah if I'm not m if I'm mistaken I'll
correct myself later but she mentioned a
few weeks back that the bok is likely on
an extended pause for about 12 months
when we get the next move
>> um out of them as well. Okay just very
quickly too a lot of breaking news uh
Vancou looking at that too. So, a halt
in the local currency bonds. Uh, yeah,
that halt getting triggered following a
steep drop in the in the price. And of
course, that resumes in a couple of
minutes. More updates on that and all
the things that we just talked about
here uh with with Bell here on the show.
Right. Uh, shares are down. A shares on
your [music] screens. We're down about
9.7. Let's call it 10%. Over two days.
Similar moves we're seeing in the A
share market.
Thank you so much. This is Bloomberg.
Bringing you [music] some corporate news
updates this morning. And the Chinese
ride hailing giant DD has reported a 67%
rise in quarterly profit. That's a
positive sign ahead of a potential
listing [music] in Hong Kong. Net income
totaled $212 million that was driven by
solid momentum in China that offset
losses in international [music] markets.
D is often described as China's answer
to Uber, but it was forced to delist
[music] from the New York Stock Exchange
after Beijing cracked down on data
sharing practices across the [music]
internet industry.
Sheen is under pressure from the EU to
curb sales of childlike sex dolls and
weapons on its [music] third party
marketplace. That's after French
authorities flagged the products earlier
this month. Regulators have asked the
e-commerce giant to explain how it
prevents the [music] circulation of
illegal products. The European
Commission says it suspects Shien system
may pose a systemic risk to [music]
consumers across the block.
Automakers Stalantis and China's CL have
broken ground on a $4.7 [music] billion
battery plan in northern Spain, a
project that underscores Europe's
growing reliance on Chinese technology.
[music]
The factory is expected to operate at
30% of its plan capacity by 2028 and
employ nearly 4,000 [music] people,
producing about 50 gatt hours of
batteries annually by 2030.
leaving with leaving you rather with a
shot of how Asian markets [music] are
looking this morning. We are about 20
minutes into the Hong Kong session and
we are seeing pretty flat really to to
start the [music] week. Tech stocks just
fractionally higher but again steady
momentum as we get in trading action
this morning. More ahead.
>> [music]
>> In some world news this morning and the
FBI [music] director Cash Patel says two
National Guardsmen shot in Washington
just blocks from the White House are in
critical condition. That comes after
West Virginia Governor [music] Patrick
Morrisy retracted an earlier statement
saying they died. President Trump said a
suspect was in custody and had been
wounded. The Pentagon chief [music] Pete
Hgse added that the president has
ordered additional troops deployed to
the nation's capital following the
attack.
>> We will never back down. We will secure
our capital. We will secure our cities.
In fact, this happened just steps away
from the White House. We will not stand.
And that's why President Trump has asked
me and I will ask the Secretary of the
Army to the National Guard to add 500
additional troops, National Guardsmen to
Washington DC.
>> The Japanese Prime Minister Sayia
Takuchi says she hadn't planned to go
into details of a Taiwan contingency
with her remarks sparing a diplomat
sparking rather a diplomatic dispute
[music] with China. Takiuchi told
Parliament she'd answered sincerely when
asked about specific cases. [music] The
prime minister added that repeating the
government's standard answer over and
over would have made the [music]
parliamentary committee session
meaningless.
South Korea marked its first rocket
[music] launch led by a private company.
A key milestone in the nation's bid to
become a bigger global player or player
rather in the global space race. [music]
The Nuri rocket lifted off Thursday from
the country south with all satellites
successfully separating. The launch was
led to led by defense [music] contractor
Hanoa Aerospace and is part of a $1.8
billion program that will include six
missions [music] through 2026. We'll
have more ahead. This is Bloomberg.
You're watching the China show. Just
some live pictures here of the tragedy
that Hong Kong woke up to this morning.
Uh massive fire, biggest in decades,
hundreds of firefighters lining the
streets, police cars, ambulances, fire
trucks. Our correspondent min'll join us
in shortly to just help us understand
the situation. Currently, as things
stand, at least 44 people have been
reported to have been killed. Hundreds
are still missing. Um and we will get
you the latest of course coming through
out of the ground where in case you're
joining us and just learning about this
now uh the initial reports that the fire
started what time is it now 10 about 20
hours 20 or 21 hours back it's still
ongoing they've yet to put out fully of
course the blaze and that is an ongoing
effort and based on the guidance coming
through from officials that the the
efforts will continue well insue uh this
evening. So, it is something we're not
normally used to seeing really up here
in the city, Bill.
>> No, but but certainly to just put it in
the context of the size of this building
complex as well because you're talking
about 2,000 flats. So, many many people
have been affected through this and and
as you said, just trying to understand
now where do we go in terms of the
investigations because government
officials already said that that the
arrests have been made. criminal
proceedings will also go forward as
well. And and lots of questions around
the the exterior materials on this
building that included possibly foam
attached to windows, uh bamboo
scaffolding that the government has been
trying to to phase out, but certainly
possibly some very flammable materials
that could have again assisted just the
the speed and the intensity of this
inferno as well. But let's get more with
our China correspondent, Minim Lo, who
joins us at the scene. and Minmmin
shared some updates. We can see that
over the past hour there's been further
firefighting and rescue efforts
underway. So, how does it look now as
opposed to when you arrived on the scene
this morning?
>> Yeah, just beside me there are many,
many buses. We are seeing fresh batches
of firefighters with their gears perhaps
going to take over the other shift of
firefighters. We did see some of them
coming out looking just utterly
exhausted and it's just extremely
saddening because we are well into the
morning now and I'm seeing more and more
Hong Kong residents coming out here to
watch the fire. I guess some of them are
residents and I think they are just
heartbroken just to watch how you know
the firefighting is going on. And I was
quite touched because I saw some
residents and I spoke to them.
also came with instant noodles and
blankets and things that they want to
donate and give to the residents who
live here. Um there's just a lot of
community spirit and support coming out
from the residents here, but just
extremely heartbreaking and if you can
see behind me, there are still selected
apartments where we can clearly see fire
blazing through. Um, so the fire is not
completely put out and we are seeing
remnants of just blackened shell of
buildings. Now it's highly unlikely I
think that the residents who live here
will be able to recover any belongings
from the apartments. They they look
completely burnt. Um, and yes, efforts
are ongoing. We asked the firefighters
that were coming out whether they have
any information to tell us, but they
they said they couldn't share anything
and they would tell us if there is a
press conference later. So, the death
toll still stands at the same number.
Now, 44 is the current death toll. Uh it
could be revised later. There are still
hundreds of people missing and
unaccounted for. And the firefighters
said yes, they are still trying to uh
rescue people if there are any uh that
are still trapped inside.
Minman, it it wasn't too long ago we we
had a similar incident uh with a
skyscraper here just here in Hong Kong
where the scaffolding
also also caught fire. And the only
reason I bring that up is when early in
the evening yesterday and as pictures of
what was going on in where you are were
being passed around. Um it it did seem
like a similar situation obviously in
much more in terms of magnitude. Do we
understand do we have a better
understanding mean what happened and
what triggered this at this point?
>> Yeah. So, right now, authorities tell us
they do not know what exactly caused the
fire, but we knew the scaffolding caught
fire first. Exactly what caused it is
still unclear at this point, but this is
a 40 plus year old estate, 2,000 units.
They're all government subsidi
subsidized buildings. So, mind you, the
people who stay here, they're not
wealthy. And of course, they are just,
you know, figuring out what is next for
them now, especially those who do not
have house insurance. Where do they go
to next? But as I said, over 40 years
old and it's under heavy renovation. So
you can still see behind me the remnants
of those scaffolding, the green mesh as
well. And authorities said that the fire
spread at a speed that was highly
unusual. And they found substandard
materials used. They found styrofoam
polystyrene
materials uh covering the windows as
well. And if the materials were up to
compliance standards, these materials
would have been fireresistant. And
authorities said that you know basically
the the materials the the construction
company probably cut some corners and
didn't use the right materials. That's
why there is a criminal investigation
going on and they have arrested three
people from the engineering company
accusing them of manslaughter and gross
negligence.
>> Yeah, that's right. two directors and an
engineering consultant from a
construction company now taken into
arrest. What exactly is next then Mim?
What can we expect in terms of the
government response and and the
continued government response on that
part and also just the efforts of
firefighters over the course of today?
>> Yeah, I think the firefighting will
continue on probably until end of today.
Um the the fire department did say they
might take the whole day to really get
everything under control. Uh possibly
they said they would inform us if
there's going to be another press
conference later. But of course in the
meantime, how are they going to settle
the displaced residents? That is the big
question, right? They already closed
down. I think about 12 schools in this
region for the day. Some of the schools
have been turned into temporary
shelters. So there are residents over
there. There's been food, McDonald's,
coffee given out to them. Um and they
have you know allocated these commun
community centers. They have also
identified about thou over a thousand
empty apartments across Hong Kong. Some
of them quite far away from Taipo in
Hong Kong Island or in the new
territories uh that could possibly be
spaces that these residents could
temporarily stay in. But it's not going
to be a very convenient situation for
them. Uh but yes, President Xiinping has
urged an allout rescue effort. Uh the
Hong Kong chief executive also paid his
condolences and his tribute especially
to the firefighter as well. One of them
died in the rescue efforts. He was just
I think about 37 years old.
>> And Minmmin you me you've mentioned that
the materials in question here and maybe
not actually meeting the standards set
in place but Hong Kong still is one of
the few places in in the world where
where bamboo is widely used in
construction.
what is going to be the scrutiny on that
particular material and is it likely to
expedite uh government efforts as well
to to remove or or to reduce the
reliance on this building material.
>> That's right. I think there will be a
lot of debate on that, right? And it's a
bit of a controversial topic because
some people are really proud that this
is, you know, something unique in Hong
Kong. It's very characteristic of Hong
Kong buildings and renovation. The
bamboo scaffolding that is largely
disappearing elsewhere. It is seen as
lightweight and a good alternative. And
if you use the right materials that are
compliant, they don't they're not
supposed to be uh combustible. Um so I
think
definitely the residents are demanding
answers from the government in the first
place. Why wasn't there, you know,
better enforcement, better inspection,
and perhaps the legislators might also
be looking at, you know, whether some of
the rules needs to be updated uh as Hong
Kong looks to possibly phase out the
usage of these bamboo scaffolding for
renovations in Hong Kong. But also,
aside from the scaffolding, it's also
just the nature of such a densely
populated uh place, right? Because the
buildings are so close together, even
without the scaffolding, it's very easy
for the fire to just spread from one
block to another as well.
>> Yeah, absolutely. That was our China
correspondent, Mim Lo there as we bring
you the latest on on the fire in the
Typo district overnight where at least
44 people have been confirmed dead, but
possibly the death toll set to
significantly climb with hundreds still
unaccounted for. So, we'll bring you
more details as they come to hand,
marking the worst fire tragedy we've
seen in the city in decades. This is
Bloomberg.
Okay. Um yeah, this is a a story that
has suddenly emerged
this week up until this morning. Uh some
of the local currency bonds tanked. Uh
then you had some halts overnight. Uh we
had that disclosure coming out of the
company. Shares are now reacting quite
badly as you can see on your screens.
And we are getting some halts as well
going into the thick of the session uh
this Wednesday. Developers are coming up
on your screens. Are we seeing his
permit across the broader sector? Uh
whether blow up in spreads, equity
markets as you can see are somewhat
under pressure. Not to the extent we're
seeing in the idiosyncratic nature of
course of the story given the Vango,
right? Uh but yeah, let's get into this.
>> Well, yeah, it's I think it's a move
really that's caught a lot of people by
surprise and I I don't think you can
forget either that that China Vanka well
has been the the nation's largest
builder by sales. So, this is a huge
company that was sort of seen as one of
the safer bets in the property sector,
but now obviously having some pretty
significant issues. But we can get more
on the outlook and bring in our China
credit reporter this morning. That's K
Sue Lindberg with us. So, what exactly
is is driving this and why we seeing
this pressure right now, do you think?
Yeah, exactly. And I think this all
really stems in part from um the bond
the announcement late last night saying
that they were going to postpone their 2
billion UN bond. Um that was the payment
was due December 15th. And I think but I
think we should also not be surprised at
the same time because this has been a
long-term buildup, right? Because you
know what this delayed bond payment
really signals is that they don't have
enough money to pay their debt
liabilities and that means that the cash
they're in a facing a cash crunch that
stems from kind of housing sales in the
first place, right? And that has been
building up the entire year. So if you
were looking at the signs, it wouldn't
have been hard to predict this. And so I
think that what we're seeing now is kind
of the fruits of that buildup
essentially.
>> And how do we need to be thinking about
it's it's not like this is a new story.
You know, we've been here of course and
to your point, but in terms of how this
spreads again
>> into the broader sector. What
specifically do you think we should be
watching?
>> I think we absolutely have to be
watching out for the December 10th bond
meeting with Vancou, right? because that
is essentially is going to determine if
they can pay it and if they are going to
be edging closer to default because if
they do then all bets are off I think
essentially right because what that
means is that global investors I think
across the board will be saying hey
should we even be investing in China
property anymore at all even the ones
that were looking to reinvest and I
think that will have ripple effects for
the Chinese economy more broadly right
um because it's still about a quarter of
the economy Do you see see the the
ripple effects being a bit more
constrained this time? Just to David's
point, because we've seen this playbook
so many times before, has already sort
of the worst of the pressures been
priced in at this point. I think you're
absolutely right. I think, you know,
it's unclear.
I think the bottom would never be as
kind of drastic and as vast as when kind
of the slew of defaults happened, you
know, a couple years ago. But I think in
terms of you know the overall picture of
kind of what it reflects on China I
think it would still have a ripple
effect because it would add to growing
kind of distress sentiment on the
country and if you have that how can you
invest right especially when actually
that's the very thing the Chinese
government is trying to spur right
foreign investment and you're getting
mixed signals so the really I think the
takeaway is that the Chinese government
needs to do more and it needs to do more
fastm
fantastic say Carrie Sullinberg there a
China credit reporter which goes into
I'm just going to mention something also
overnight not might not seem related uh
but it is so this the notion it's a
K-shaped recovery right it's playing out
across the property sector in China
while you had this ongoing rally in the
tech space um the Fed beige book that
was I was going to mention that as well
u some of the numbers that have come
through there does do indicate
>> that it's a similar dynamic taking place
right the broadening out of the deterior
deterioration in the labor market
juxtaposed again a mag 7 that is keeps
going
>> uh and AI is obviously not so much
addition of course as far as jobs go how
does that inform us around what monetary
policies should be considering both
those two things going into next year
Ray Ferris is with us chief economist
Espring Investments has also just
released its very timely 2026 market
outlook Ray fantastic to have you sir
it's been a while thank you for joining
us and good morning uh to you the how
would you describe the health of the
let's start with the US economy and how
we need to be thinking about rates from
the Fed going into next year and how
that sort of informs us how policy looks
this part of the world right next year
>> great to be here David the way we think
about it is the Fed's probably going to
cut rates in December the signaling out
of um some very senior very important
people particularly the New New York Fed
president suggests that the Fed's very
focused on the weakening in the labor
market recently and although we don't
have non-farm payrolls data, we do have
the ADP data. We do have continuing
claims. All of that points toward a
labor market that's really largely
stagnated. The September bounce up in
payrolls is probably not going to be
sustained in October and November. And
so the Fed's likely to cut. I think
they'll probably couch it in terms of an
insurance cut and try to signal to
markets that from here they're going to
try to pause for a while, but ultimately
they're likely to keep going in 2026 and
that's one of the things that will keep
equity markets and risky assets
performing pretty well.
How concerned should we be about the
signals we've seen of of weakness in the
retail sector in the US in particular?
>> A bit but not massively. The fact is
that historically it's really investment
that leads the economy into recessions
and the durable goods orders overnight
were quite strong. It's clear that the
AI investment AI infrastructure
investment boom is going to continue.
The companies have got the money.
They've got the funding and crucially
they have the will to continue to
invest. The durable goods order suggests
that there's a little bit of a
broadening out in investment, not just
electronics. I'm not going to say that
that's going to be particularly
powerful, but um that there seems to be
a bit of broadening of investment
growth. And that makes sense given that
S&P 500 profits have grown pretty
strongly. Profit growth is one of the
best leading indicators of investment
growth. Consumption is going to be
bifrocated. It has been for a while.
It's reflecting the big division in the
United States between in essence the
halves and the have nots. Wealth effect
gains in the upper income sector of the
economy have been very strong and that's
really what's driving consumption. below
that middle class, lower middle class is
weak
>> and and Ray, how how does this inform us
now? Um, you know, people have been
trying to figure out when
when to start reducing exposure to the
big AI winners, right? So, when you look
at the region, you know, the likes of
Korea, Japan, which is now really an AI
trade, you look at Adventest, um,
obviously Mag 7 and rotate into the
underperformers. Is there an economic
case you think that we might see in the
next 6 months that does justify that
that move out of tech into broader
consumption into broader cyclicals?
>> David, that e economic case has been
there for over a year. Last year at this
time, the key message from Espring
Investments to our client base was in
terms of asset performance, US
exceptionalism is essentially over. and
they needed to diversify portfolios
globally, particularly into Asia. Since
then, Asia has outperformed very
substantially, not just in equities, but
also in fixed income. Singapore is still
one of the world's best performing bond
markets. Will that continue into 2026?
We think it will, in part because Asian
earnings growth is quite simply superior
to US earnings growth.
>> Yet, valuations are lower on a relative
basis. and there's still policy stimulus
and policy easing that's going to take
place in the region.
>> I'm curious for your views on on what we
got from the Bank of Korea this morning
because we're having a bit of a debate
here whether they're at the end of their
their cycle or or whether we'll see
further easing into next year. We did
see them leaving their key rate
unchanged at 2.5% for a fourth straight
session. uh and we are seeing as well
some lines coming out around actually
the the denters but today's decision not
being unanimous. Where do you think the
BOK goes from here particularly as it
also signals that chipled exports will
remain strong despite US tariffs.
>> The likelihood is the BOK is done and
that's largely because the economy is
okay. It's probably going to accelerate
a little bit next year because of this
very strong growth in exports related to
AI.
Crucially, the unemployment rate is low.
Property prices are rising. That's
politically very sensitive at this
stage. Household debt levels continue to
rise. Again, politically very sensitive.
Further rate cuts would only add to that
pressure. So given that the export
outlook is pretty good and the currency
is at close to historic lows, really
crisis lows in terms of a real effective
exchange rate, there's just not a
compelling argument for the BOK to ease
a lot more.
>> Ray, thanks very much for joining us
this morning. That's Ray Ferris there,
chief economist at East Spring
Investments as we take you uh to that
live press briefing this morning that's
happening in Soul with the BOK governor
outlining the the results of today's
decision, but essentially saying that
one of the six members called for a rate
cut at the meeting, the others uh
elected to to keep it on hold and as
well as we said uh [music] this outlook
for next year. Chipled exports looking
to stay strong as well. So [music] we
will bring you more details on that
ahead. The board is saying it's open to
both cut and hold [music] options for
now, but you just heard that from Ray
and we're getting that sort of continued
voice coming across this morning that
perhaps the BK could be finished for the
current cycle. More ahead, this is
Bloomberg.
Right, straight back to Soul live
briefing. Bank of Korea decision, the
decision to hold. But here's the
interesting one. The board was split
evenly 33, which if memory serves me
correctly, the governing is actually the
tiebreaking
uh vote there. Uh and the decision to
hold they remain open to cutting rates,
but the commentary that's come through
so far is that they're probably done.
They have said that they were open to
cutting rates previously next 3 months,
but they have yet to do so. Joining us
now is Mju Kong, senior South Korea
Japan economist at ING. Minju, good
morning from Hong Kong. Do you think
they're done cutting interest rates the
Bank of Korea?
>> Wow. You know, so far the information
they revealed was very mixed actually.
You know what what I saw that there is
only one um vote and they revised up
their GDP numbers and also they changed
tweak their statement. I thought that
okay, this is done. However, yes, I saw
that you know the split uh even uh you
know three to three for the next three
months is uh uh you know uh pro easing
group still remain three which means
that you know they still want to keep
this easing bias. However uh let's look
at the uh the macro conditions. Yes, we
believe that this you know of going
forward how this uh real estate market
uh situation changes is going to be a
crucial for the next uh you know next
time's uh the BOK's uh decision and also
the current Korean one um is going to uh
see some uh appreciation after the fat
rate cuts in December and and so forth.
So this is going to be you know still uh
make the uh the BOK uh decision alive
for the next uh next quarter and um if
you ask me Mike uh my uh answer then
yeah I think you know the probability of
you know the easing is end is is
increase a lot after this today's
meeting.
Mju do stay with us. That's Mju Kung
there, senior South Korea and Japan
economist at ING Bank. Staying with us
into the next break. And just to recap,
you were saying there Dave about uh this
is a board split 33 between hold and cut
views, but that's of course over the
next 3 months uh they were saying. And
from today's decision, it was one denter
and the others electing to stay on hold.
But we'll get more details on this
decision. As we said, it's it's very
much it seems a bit live for where we go
in terms of whether the end of the
easing cycle, but quite a few of the
guests this morning are saying they're
likely to stay uh or ended or finished
off their cycle for now. Uh more ahead.
This is Bloomberg.
Welcome back. [music] Uh just a live
briefing taking place in Soul. That's
the Bank of Korea governor outlining the
rationale behind this decision to keep
interest rates unchanged. That vote
specifically was 1 to six. One did call
for a rate cuts at the meeting. Though
you need to look at the outlook, it's 33
as far as the board split is concerned
whether to hold or cut views uh over the
short term. It's also worth pointing out
this is the last one of the year and
then if we have two more meetings in the
first calendar quarter of 20 uh 26.
Joining us now still is Mu Kong, senior
South Korea and Japan economist at ING.
Mu, we'll talk about the Japan stimulus
in a moment because we now have a number
I think 70 plus billion. Uh but let let
me just ask you more on Korea. The with
the latest forecast, I think inflation
was also bumped higher for next year. It
does seem the economy will fare okay
going into next year. What is your view
on chip exports and how that aids the
broader Korea economy conversation?
Well, we believe that um you know next
year the the actually you know when I
saw the uh BOK is a GDP forecast was the
upward revision was quite moderate
because um our own uh forecast is uh
growth for next year's two 2% versus
BK's 1.8 uh 8%. We believe that yes the
stronger than expected uh you know super
uh chip cycle is going to boost uh Korea
growth and also you know in from the uh
uh the domestic side not only just
private spending supported by the uh the
fiscal uh stimulus but also we believe
that to see the uh the very uh weak um
construction sector rebound uh you know
uh is expected from the next year. So
that's why we believe that um uh we
we're going to see more acceleration of
growth in in 2026. For the inflation
side, actually I agree that you know the
recent week uh Korean one is going to
push up some inflation pressures uh
looking at the imported uh prices and
gasoline prices at the station. However,
um if this Korean one uh uh situation
was is going to we expected is going to
get more stabilized uh then you know
probably this pressure is going to be
more just a near-term uh short-term
things. So uh you know having inflation
around 2% is not going to be a major
concern for the B for now.
How do they work to stabilize the
currency though? Because I mean you're
seeing it slightly stronger today in
light of this decision, but the
government governor has just been
commenting that the one is weakening
faster than its peers. It's showing an
FX imbalance and also just in at least
in the in the recent time it's it's been
driven as lot a lot by by investor
outflows from from international
investors. How do they actually go about
addressing that?
>> Well, actually um a very good point. Um
actually you know look at Korean one uh
Korean coast market that this year the
performance you know I think you know
return was more than 60 70%. However the
Korean one appreciation is a mere 1%.
This is telling that um this is not
about just uh you know the FS market is
very driven by the uh the uh the the
Korean resident investors. Uh they're
they're investing heavily more in uh the
overseas. It's in not only just uh
individuals but also institutional
investors such as you know national
pension service. Um recently you know
the the government and body and the BK
and the NPS they form like a four party
consultative consultative uh body and
they're going to you know start you know
discussion about you know how to
minimize the u the MPS's overseas
investment in FX market. We believe that
um you know they're going to start the
uh probably going to start more uh FX
swap program with the NPS and also you
know NPS can start their uh FX hedging
uh strategy uh if you know this Korean
world market uh stabilization is not
come uh come uh earlier than yeah
>> if if inflation isn't the major concern
what what what is
>> for the king So actually the concern
should be more financial instability. Um
you know if if you know the market
expect that you know VK is going to
produce more liquidity to the market and
then lower the uh interest rates then it
uh you know the B v's concern is that
you know that might you know revamp the
uh the about the housing market uh
prices. Again actually uh what we saw
recently from the uh you know our uh
survey that um you know consumer think
that you know consumer's expectation on
housing market prices came down a bit.
However, it still stays quite high level
which means that you know we see that
you know the impact of the the recent
government measures of you know
tightening mortgage rules and uh and all
the uh macrocredential rules. However,
you know the impact takes a longer than
expected and you know the from the
market actually their expectation for
housing market hasn't been very uh uh I
don't know curtailed by the uh the
recent government. That's why you know
the BK's main concern remains on the
financial instability um on that that
factor.
>> All right MU please do stay with us.
We're going to get to you just in Japan
in a moment, but we do want to also
cover our scoop first. And what
Bloomberg's learned is that Japan's
planning to issue almost $74 billion in
new bonds. This to fund Prime Minister
Sane Taki Takiichi's economic stimulus
package. Let's get more with our
Bloomberg economics and government
reporter Yoshiaki Nahara joining us this
morning. And Yoshi,
talk to us about the size and scope of
this and and this debt load. I mean, we
knew any new prime ministerial candidate
coming in was going to be looking to
increase fiscal spending, but does this
stack up to what we heard on the
campaign trail and also uh what was
issued last year for for Shigu Ishiba's
set of economic measures?
>> So, Annabel, so two things to keep in
mind. One is the um you know what is
expected in terms of additional
The other thing is that you know uh what
would be the total JGB issuance for the
current fiscal year. So both measures
are important and one is the first one
is expected to be larger than last year
but the total one is going to be less
than last year. So you know there's a
mixed signals from the government in
terms of fiscal health and it's up to
the market to decide you know how they
interpret these two u numbers.
>> Uh Yoshiaki just very quickly we heard
from one of the board members as Naguchi
earlier on I think he was speaking to a
business community at a summit um giving
some guidance when it comes to adjusting
monetary policy. What can you tell us
about that?
You know David, one thing to keep in
mind is that the you know regardless of
the degree of the language how hyish do
each board member is the pattern the
consistent message from the bank of
Japan is that they are on track to keep
raising interest rates gradually and
whether the um the pace is going to be
faster or slower than what the people in
the market are expecting you know the
direction is the same at this point And
I think it's pretty much just to make a
total decision on just one board member
says because you know we are going to
have some more key you know economic
data coming out before the December
decision.
>> Yoshiaki, thank you for the context
there. Yoshi Haki Nohara, our economics
and government reporter on the latest
out of Japan still with us for some
thoughts on Japan and this latest number
70 plus billion um in likely new supply
and JGB's Mu Kong, senior South Korea
and Japan economist at ING. Uh you're
you're put this number into context for
us in terms of the likely fiscal push
and what parts of the economy if any
will benefit and how do they play this
in the market is is is the part of that
question.
So for for Japan um we believe that um
uh this going to they're looking at
their uh the new economic measures
actually they put more focus on
stabilization of you know inflation. So
it is going to uh first um it's by
lowering the energy prices and gasoline
prices it is going to uh increase the uh
real purchasing power of consumption. So
I think and also they're going to do
some cash aids program for the child
care. So this is going to mainly uh you
know uh benefit to the uh private
consumption we believe. Uh however you
know uh the thing is that you know even
if the headline inflation is likely
going going down below 2% but uh we
think that this measures will kind of
keep the core core inflation excluding
food and energy prices it's going to
keep above 2%. So in that sense you know
it is going to give more reason for the
BUJ and you know staying on the um their
policy normalization path.
>> Do you think then that a December rate
hike is is still possible at all?
>> Yes. Uh yes I think you know we keep our
long been expectation for the BJ's
December rate hike. uh recently more
several board members expressed that you
know the you know the inflation is
underlying inflation is approaching 2%
and also you know their real interest
rates still remain in a negative
territory and if the condition economic
conditions uh evolves in line with the
BUJ's projection then you know they are
going to adjust their uh accomod
accommodative their monetary policy
condition and also we believe that you
know recent uh re uh uh uh uh sorry the
recent easing of trade tensions between
you know US and uh uh Japan and is going
to give more uh you know confidence for
the BOJ and the re very latest data also
suggest that the uh Japan economy
[clears throat]
is showing more resiliency uh despite
you know there was some contraction in
in third quarter but however you know we
expect that you know it's going to re I
mean the growth is going to rebound from
this quarter and also So uh uh helping
from this uh fiscal stimulus we believe
that you know they're going to be more
uh you know GDP growth is going to uh
accelerate more in in in coming
quarters. So this is going to give more
confidence for the BUJ.
Uh m men mu have you gamed out I just
want to shift topic staying on Japan
here on the the impact to the economy
tourism specifically because of what's
happening with with China over these
comments on Taiwan not to get political
but have you gamed out scenarios how
this might impact uh the economy in
Japan? Yeah, sure. Actually, you know,
in the past when you know the two
countries tensions uh escalated u and
the Chinese government kind of started
to put some you know banning of you know
tourism to Japan it actually had some
significant uh impact on you know on the
tourism side but however you know it
it's for you know but you know now what
we are seeing is that you know also like
more the escalation of attentions um uh
then you know probably it is not to have
a very significant impact. However, you
know, if it goes uh to down the road uh
the more that side then you know
probably you know it's more crucial for
Japan because not only for the tourist
side but also you know their dependency
on rare earth material from China is
pretty quite high and this is going to
have some negative impact on the
manufacturing and also industrial
production. So uh this is this can be a
risk factor for for for Japan's uh you
know the growth outlook.
>> What about the the moves then in in the
in the Japanese yen? Because of course
off the back of these concerns, we've
also seen it weakening down to around a
10-month low. Do you see that sort of
changing at all? Where do you see it
heading into next year?
uh we believe that um you know the
the trend heavily depend on the uh the
you know Fed and BJ's rate uh decisions
we believe um and uh the thing is that
even if the BOJ start uh re resumeuming
its rate hikes we expect that you know
the the the rate uh can be reached by 1%
by the end of next year which means that
you know yes they're going to be more
narrowing the gap between the uh US and
and Japan. So it is going to give more
appreciation pressure to Japan but um
you know the the the p the the degree
should be quite limited.
>> Mu thanks very much for joining us this
morning across this hour. That was Mu
Khung there, senior South Korea and
Japan economist at ING Bank. And again,
taking a look at how Asian markets are
fairing this morning because we are just
seeing some pretty subdued trading
activity. Actually, there's not so much
conviction in the session so far today.
We're seeing some gains across the
board, but actually, I'm just taking a
look at trading volumes and really
across the Asia region this morning.
They're pretty far off their 20-day
moving averages. Uh, but we'll have more
ahead. This is Bloomberg.
Welcome back. You're watching the China
Show. Let's talk about this fairly
eventful market driven day that we had
of course in the in the UK where cable
is one month highs on that uh yields
last traded on your screens. Uh, you had
the UK chancellor of the excheer Rachel
Reeves announcing $34 billion of tax
increases in that budget that seeks of
course to satisfy the demands of both
bond markets and members of her own
party.
>> Yeah, actually some early indications
suggest that she was successful with
yields on guilts falling. That's while
Labour Party MPs at least praised the
budget's redistribution of the tax
burden. Reeves spoke exclusively with us
about the need to raise tax revenue to
help support future economic growth.
>> Last year I had to close the black hole
in the public finances left by the
Conservatives. Uh and um in the budget
last year um I lived within the forecast
set by the OBR. Uh they have now changed
their forecast around productivity and
they are very clear that's nothing to do
with the policy of this government. But
that does mean they forecast lower tax
revenue coming in. And I was always
clear that I would never play fast and
loose with the public finances because
it's ordinary working people and
businesses that pay the price uh when
that happens. So these are the fairer
necessary choices in the circumstances
that I faced. But what I'm now
determined to do more than ever is to
grow our economy so that we have the
revenue both to keep taxes down and also
to fund our public services. And that is
what this government's plan for growth
is all about. whether it's pensions
reform, planning uh reform, the changes
today to help make Britain the best
place to start up, to scale up and to
stay with the changes to uh stamp duty
for shares for companies newly listing
in the UK. I'm determined that we get
the growth that our economy has been
sorely lacking for too long and we do
that through the forms that we've set
out.
>> Well, no confirmation of new no new tax
rises.
>> No chancellor can write uh future
budgets. Um, I took the fair and
necessary choices today, but my focus
has been and always will be on growing
our economy so that we can keep taxes
down and have the money we need to
invest in our public services.
>> That was the UK Chancellor of the Aka
Rachel Reeves there speaking with
Bloomberg. And in some corporate news as
well that we're tracking this morning,
uh, the Chinese ride hailing giant
[music] DD has reported a 67% rise in
quarterly profit. That's a positive sign
ahead of a potential listing [music] in
Hong Kong. Net income totaled $212
million that was driven by [music] solo
momentum in China that offset losses in
international markets. DD is often
described as [music] China's answer to
Uber, but it was forced to delist from
the New York Stock Exchange after
Beijing cracked [music] down on data
sharing practices across the internet
industry.
Automaker Stellantis [music] and China's
CL have broken ground on a $4.7 billion
battery plant in northern Spain. A
project that underscores [music]
Europe's growing reliance on Chinese
technology. The factory is expected to
operate a 30% at 30% rather of its
planned capacity by 2028 [music]
and employ nearly 4,000 people producing
about 50 gatt hours of batteries
annually by 2030.
>> Right. Just very quickly just to mark
shares of PopMart are back 8%. I think
we were up as much as 10%. [music] This
might be down to this partnership for an
eyewear collection set with Lens Cart.
There we go. We're [music] trading at
221 a pop on shares of PopMart.
Well, in some [music] world news this
morning, the FBI director Cash Patel
says two National Guardsmen shot in
[music] Washington just blocks away from
the White House are in critical
condition. That comes after West
Virginia Governor Patrick Morrisy
retracted [music] an earlier statement
saying they died. President Trump said a
suspect was in custody and had been
wounded. The Pentagon chief, Pete
Hgseeth, [music] added that the
president's ordered additional troops
deployed to the nation's capital
following the attack.
This heinous assault was an act of evil,
an act of hatred, and an act of terror.
It was a crime against our entire
nation. It was a crime against humanity.
Japanese Prime Minister Sayia Takuchichi
[music] says she hadn't planned to go
into details of a Taiwan contingency
with her remarks sparking a diplomatic
dispute [music] with China. Takiishi
told Parliament she'd answered sincerely
when asked about specific cases. [music]
The prime minister added that repeating
the government's standard answer over
and over would have made the
parliamentary committee session
meaningless.
South Korea has [music] marked its first
rocket launch led by a private company.
That's a key milestone in the nation's
bid to become a bigger player in the
global space race. The Nuri rocket
lifted off Thursday [music] from the
country's south with all satellites
successfully separating. The launch was
led by defense contractor Hanwa
Aerospace and is [music] part of a $1.8
billion program that will include six
missions through [music] 2027.
live pictures now out of Hong Kong's
Taipo district. One of the deadliest
fires in the city's history. We're uh in
case your viewers are joining us from
across the world, it's almost 11 in the
morning here in Hong Kong, which means
this fire, which was first reported
midafternoon, is now going on 20 hours.
Um, our reporting does suggest that the
blaze, as you can see on your screens,
is beginning to look under control, but
as you can see, still not u completely
uh extinguished at this point in time.
In terms of the numbers that have come
through so far, no updates from a few
hours back. At least 44 killed, hundreds
still missing here, Ben.
>> Yeah, that's right. We were speaking
with our China correspondent, Mim Lo,
who's on the scene for us, and she was
saying that that death toll will likely
climb, but again, it stands at 44 this
morning. You just saw as well a strapper
talking about the arrests that have been
made in this so far because there's a
lot of concerns around the the materials
that are covering this building. You can
see here and this is a familiar site to
many in Hong Kong. But that amount of
bamboo scaffolding also that plastic
cladding that's on it. In addition,
there are question marks over whether
there was foam, some some nonfires safe
or approved materials also being used to
coat the infrastructure because we've
already heard from the Secretary for
Security, Chris Tang, saying that
essentially that the fire burned with an
intensity that was far faster and
irregular essentially than it would have
been had compliant materials being used.
And as I said, those arrests already
made two directors, an engineering
consultant from a construction uh
company in this as well.
>> President Xi Jinping has also chimed in
and has asked local governments, other
local governments to be more specific,
to aid Hong Kong in the rescue mission.
Bell and I were just talking about this
earlier on. This is a massive apartment
complex, 2,000 units. based on the
latest census out of the government 2021
[clears throat]
um roughly onethird
uh more than onethird rather of the
roughly 5,000 residents here are over
the age of 65 just to give you a sense
of the scale of this and of course this
fired then moved from build one building
to the other and as we speak the fire uh
hundreds of firefighters are still of
course trying to put out the blaze
completely here. Yeah, I think that that
is a really salient point really around
the age of these residents because it
speaks to the challenges that many would
have faced essentially that death toll
still comparatively low in comparison to
just the sheer number that remain
unaccounted for. So we will be
continuing to monitor this situation
very closely. But if you're if you're
coming into this to understand there has
been a massive fire outbreak, the worst
that we've seen in the city's history in
decades in a housing state in the
northern part of the city. So more on
that ahead. That's been the China Show.
Insight is next. So do stay with us.